pr template (#60)
airswap/airswap-marketplace: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

> # Description
> 
> Description of the pull request. Don't forget to include the ticket number.
> 
> # Demo - OPTIONAL
> 
> Short video or an image demonstrating the implementation.
> 
> # Steps to test the change
> 
> Help the reviewer test what you implemented/changed. Include all the steps needed to perform the test.
> 
> Example:
> 1. Add environment variable `REACT_APP_VAR_X=value` in .env file
> 2. Start local application
> 3. Go to page http://localhost:3000/
> 4. Click on an NFT
> 5. Check component XYZ
> 
> # Checklist:
> 
> - [ ] I have performed a self-review of my own code
> - [ ] I have commented the parts where my code is hard to understand
> - [ ] I have documentated my new feature/change

Reviewer: Very helpful this!

```suggestion
# Description

Your PR should at least have a ticket number linked to it.

Example:

`Fixes #101`

A short video or an image demonstrating the implementation is also helpful. Especially for designers checking your PR.

Create a [draft PR](https://github.blog/2019-02-14-introducing-draft-pull-requests/) if you're looking for feedback but not ready for a final review.

# Steps to test the change

Help the reviewer test what you implemented/changed. Include all the steps needed to perform the test.

Example:

1. Add environment variable `REACT_APP_VAR_X=value` in .env file
2. Run yarn dev
3. Go to home page
4. Click on an NFT
5. Check component XYZ

# Checklist:

- [ ] I have read and understood CONTRIBUTING.MD
- [ ] I have included the ticket number in my PR.
- [ ] I have performed a self-review of my own code
- [ ] I have commented the parts where my code is hard to understand
```

# Description

Your PR should at least have a ticket number linked to it.

Example:

`Fixes #101`

A short video or an image demonstrating the implementation is also helpful. Especially for designers checking your PR.

Create a [draft PR](https://github.blog/2019-02-14-introducing-draft-pull-requests/) if you're looking for feedback but not ready for a final review.

# Steps to test the change

Help the reviewer test what you implemented/changed. Include all the steps needed to perform the test.

Example:

1. Add environment variable `REACT_APP_VAR_X=value` in .env file
2. Run `yarn start`
3. Go to home page
4. Click on an NFT
5. Check component XYZ

# Checklist:

> - [ ] I have read and understood [CONTRIBUTING.MD](/CONTRIBUTING.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] I have read and understood [CONTRIBUTING.MD](https://github.com/airswap/airswap-marketplace/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)```
